hello internet Expo we're doing great
today I'm going to share with you my
favorite camera but I found it I found
the one camera bag that I can't stop
using but it's been about a four to five
year journey of figuring out what bag is
right for what reason because I don't
just use one bag for everything I do
have different options but I feel like
as time landed on one that's the most
diverse no product or bag and this video
is sponsored yesterday I was picking up
stuff at mckeil box I got some sick
iPhone lenses these are from pictured
also from moment and all about that
iPhoneography life so I'm definitely
going to be doing a video with these
very very soon some new Apple watch
bands Thank You Mona where this thing
that allows you to use your magic as
like a normal camera this really sick
letter from Lara thank you
this is one of my favorite things I've
done in a while literally a int'l of my
face you see me on the streets of New
York spray-painting this is why you
imagine a New York City with my face
everywhere but then I got did sent me it
is a really sick backpack slash
briefcase the material filled awesome
cool inside with a lot of compartments
I like the skinny fit by a company
called Brett's Breton company psychopomp
don't comment go to put it up where I
put my bag and then realize holy cow I
have way too many bag over the past five
years of life I have been in college I
have worked out of coffee houses so I
need things to put my left Hospice
tencel's and pins in I have been a added
filmmaker who takes all of my equipment
to film weddings corporate interviews
YouTube shoots of all sorts of kinds and
I needed a lot of functions from my bag
and it's gotten to a point where it's
just like dang girl you've got too many
so I'm going to share with you which
ones are in my favorites why do I like
them how much gear can I fit in and also
on
do a giveaway to stick stick around for
the end because I truly don't need all
of these bags and we the peachy family
are about to hit 200,000 subscribers
here on the channel so what better way
to say thank you to you guys and hook
you up with some swag to put your camera
gear in all these things are going to be
linked down description below this leg
right here is the winner of my all-time
favorite bag it is the ona camps bay bag
I've been using it for about three or
four months now this is actually a
discontinued Langly bag but so great
that's a new Breton bag this is another
discontinued bag it is the polar step
one with the camera bag inserts this is
something that I use when I just want to
carry over my laptop I got it from Etsy
I actually use this a ton incase laptop
bag this is my Temba tripod case it's
where I put all of my tripods and light
stands for bigger shoots when I need to
bring all of my camera gear this is the
thing I travel with it is amazing as a
pelican 15 pin case and urban outfitters
backpack a puller stuff cooler which
actually doubles as a camera bag if you
just need like a good side bag and it
will keep six drinks cool
topo designs cuz who doesn't have one of
those DJI magic cat painless the GG I'm
a that case that I prefer these guys are
called polar Pro just look at that
inside you can fit the controller two
batteries and then you would put the
Mavic here if I didn't crush mine into a
side of a hotel in a sink cake
retrospective shoulder bag my order bag
has been my favorite but here are kind
of my top 5 camera bags and no specific
were so number one is the Pelican case
1510 this is by far the most like
professional way to carry around your
camera equipment in terms of the
hardcase all of your sense of camera
gear is going to stay se
you can fit a ton of it in there and you
can also roll it which is so key because
once you start packing of all that
camera equipment in one place it gets so
so heavy it is also small enough to
bring it on an airplane as your carry-on
because you should not ever check camera
equipment 32 is my tempo tripod case it
is very long even fit tripods light
stands stands of all times for my big
shoots like if I was going to shoot a
wedding or a corporate interview style
thing where I needed all of my support
gear and multiple cameras I would load
on my Pelican case and my tenza bags are
both rollers so it was easy to transport
you can fit so much in the timba number
three is the ona camp Bay bag I can fit
my laptop along with a sony a7s and a
7200 and all of my vlogging gear being
able to transport my laptop set up and
then a lot of my camera equipment is
always a big deal for me in terms of
backpacks because I've owned a lot of
camera bags like my Langly backpack
welcome to camera equipment in it but
not my laptop number four is my polar
stuff camera bag with the camera insert
this is now discontinued but it's kind
of the same idea with the ona bag except
it's more earthy tones so if I'm going
into a place where that makes more sense
I will bring this bag purely on
aesthetics because I can't fit a laptop
and all the camera gear that I need to
bring with me I can fit a ton of stuff
that camera answer ll it certainly not
least number five comes in with the
extinct tank retrospective shoulder bag
sometimes you don't need to carry all of
your equipment with you cameras are
getting smaller pointment shoots are
getting amazing so maybe
just bring a couple spare lenses and you
are good to go that is kind of the
purpose of shoulder bag is definitely
not as heavy as the intense backpacks
but you can for sure fit a full size
iPad in there and maybe some of the
smaller laptop
I don't know helpful for you all the
links will be in the description below
and if you like cool creative camera
gear tutorials blogs travel films
creative stuff in general make sure to
subscribe to this YouTube channel if
you're new around here
hello part of the peachy fam and
speaking of the peachy fan we are close
to 200,000 subscribers which is crazy a
lot of you guys doesn't ask me how are
you going to celebrate you're gonna do a
special video like I don't think so but
I want to do something special for you
guys so I want to do a giveaway I want
to get out two bags to two LPG fans the
first one is this Langly camera bag guys
this is a good looking camera bag
aesthetics for days am i right
look at that it opens up on the top
there is a compartment up here and then
a place to put camera equipment in the
back it also has a slot to put your
camera on the side right here I simply
do not need this anymore because I have
my own ax the only thing with this was
it doesn't have a laptop compartment
which is a little bit bummed on but
honestly this is one the best bag I have
ever owned it just feels good it looks
good and it's functional the next hour
when I give away as a joke in case
laptop that will help stick the insides
are all yellowy and have the perfect
clips your laptop it's a basic backpack
but it gets the job done and you can get
the job done and style I have so many
ways to carry around a laptop and work
stuff I just I don't I don't need it if
you want one of these bags all yeah I
use make sure you're subscribed to my
channel and leave a comment down below
with the words in case org lengthly
depending on which bagging one I'm going
to pick a random comment will be worth
encased in it and then I'm going to pick
a random comment with the words slightly
in it so don't confuse me and put both
of them in the same comment thank you so
much for subscribing and watching my
video
and coming back every Monday through
Friday night you guys Rock
stay peachy okay bye husband say girl I
am sweating profusely I am in my old
apartment I am trying to get everything
out of this is hopefully the last time
that I'm here
good night forever I hate you
thank you're having a bad day is just
drop entire load of drinks that were all
wrapped up in a plastic completely
flopping out sighs drink point
everywhere everything went everywhere
now they have to repack it
so maybe today's other work okay I can't
express to you how ready I am to be
doing my old apartment just checked out
like okay so my friend has been on top
of the fridge there is mouse poop how
how do they get up here how
[Music]
threaten sent under backpack because
this kind of how many good stuff on the
board look so hope you're enjoying post
office unboxing for my experience it was
in life being such a beautiful day New
York has been on one not a couple days
people are out on the boat probably
being
[Music]
it's my favorite thing in the world this
has happened like multiple times for the
past few days when you guys loved New
York
[Music]